# Python
The Global Temperature forecast is the ERA5 surface air temperature dataset, which is widely used in climate research, weather forecasting, and environmental monitoring. The dataset contains 1,017 observations of monthly surface air temperature in degrees Celsius (temp) from January 1940 to September 2024. The study that compares the predictive performance between three families of basis functions: polynomial, piece-wise constant, and piece-wise linear, for a linear basis function (LBF) model designed to predict the global surface air temperature. The aim is to investigate which family of basis functions is most suited for modelling the relationship between time and temperature.
The AEDC(Australian Early Development Census) EDA which examined the distribution and trends of quality ratings across states and service types. Identify regions or service types that consistently outperform or underperform. Assess the geographical distribution of services, focusing on disparities in accessibility between urban and rural areas. Highlight regions where additional services may be required. Analyze operational characteristics such as capacity, operating hours, and approval dates. Explore how these factors correlate with service type, location, or quality ratings.
The AEDC(Australian Early Development Census) are committed to ensuring all children have access to equitable and high-quality early education. The work involves in-depth analysis of developmental vulnerability (DV) across Local Government Areas (LGAs), examining how the quality and accessibility of education services impact child development. The aim is to provide data-driven insights and quality assessments to inform policy decisions, optimise early education resource allocation, and design targeted interventions.This report integrates multiple datasets to provide policymakers with actionable insights for targeted interventions. It combines AEDC child development data across five domains, preschool enrolment and attendance, education service quality and accessibility, and Google Reviews capturing public sentiment. SEIFA socio-economic scores and LGA geographic data are also included to contextualise factors influencing child development outcomes.
